www.codescalers.com/content/home/our_services.md, before:

+++
#Don't remove title!
title = "our_services"

section_title = "OUR SERVICES"
section_disc = "Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit. Vero quod consequuntur quibusdam,enim expedita sed quia nesciunt incidunt"


service1_title = "Rack power management"
service1_disc = "Want to find out where the Racktivity products go in your data center?! find one in the store Want to find out where the Racktivity products go in your data center?! find one in the store Want to find out where the Racktivity products go in your data center?! find one in the store Want to  find out where the Racktivity products go in."
service1_icon = "server"

service2_title = "Rack power management"
service2_disc = "Want to find out where the Racktivity products go in your  data center?! find one in the store Want to find out where the Racktivity products go in your data center?! find one in the store Want to find out where the Racktivity products go in your data center?! find one in the store  Want to  find out where the Racktivity products go in."
service2_icon = "server"

service3_title = "Rack power management"
service3_disc = "Want to find out where the Racktivity products go in your  data center?! find one in the store Want to find out where the Racktivity products go in your data center?! find one in the store Want to find out where the Racktivity products go in your data center?! find one in the store  Want to  find out where the Racktivity products go in."
service3_icon = "server"

service4_title = "Rack power management"
service4_disc = "Want to find out where the Racktivity products go in your  data center?! find one in the store Want to find out where the Racktivity products go in your data center?! find one in the store Want to find out where the Racktivity products go in your data center?! find one in the store  Want to  find out where the Racktivity products go in."
service4_icon = "server"


+++

Commit message:

Convert all the website into hugo

www.codescalers.com/content/home/our_services.md, after:

+++
#Don't remove title!
title = "our_services"

box1_icon = "flag"
box1_title = "Our Vision"
box1_disc = "Our dream has been focused on building and operating the perfect datacenter &amp; cloud architecture. To make this dream reality, we have worked together with a great team of people and have created some unique technology and firmly believe that we can call ourselves the best cloud experts in the world. What makes us so different is that we think out of the box and try to create groundbreaking disruptive technologies. We hope to make IT as easy to use, reliable and scalable as electricity."

box2_icon = "group"
box2_title = "The Team"
box2_disc = "CodeScalers is run by A team of datacenter experts that has helped build over a dozen largescale data centers during the past two decades. The team has also developed cloud software companies, datacenter software as well as highend and mid market hosting companies. From that experience, we learnt that significant improvements for a cloud solution can only be achieved when the entire cloud ecosystem is looked at including Datacenter, Power Management, Physical infrastructure, Management Platform, User Interfaces."

box3_icon = "cogs"
box3_title = "Cloud Computing"
box3_disc = "Around 2005, Amazon took the lead in the cloud computing industry with its S3 and EC2 services. Google (AppEngine) and Salesforce (Force.com) have also become prominent players in the sector. The ecosystem has segmented into Infrastructure as a Service (IAAS), Platform as a Service (PAAS) and Software as a Service (SAAS). Cloud computing is experiencing a growing popularity across all industry segments, with a lot of activity within the top layer. Incubaid has identified many opportunities for innovation in the IAAS layer."



+++
